README.md, before:

# EnviromentalSimulation

This project is a testing for different snippets of C# code in Unity to simulate  FPS and platform games.

Key mapping
=======
The follwoig list rappresent the key mapping:
- WASD                | Movement
- Mouse               | Camera rotation
- Left mouse button   | Use item
- Right mouse button  | Aim weapon
- F                   | Pick item up
- Space bar           | Jump
- Shift               | Run
- X                   | Drop item in hand  
- Q                   | UseGadjet
- V                   | Switch fire mode (Auto & SemiAuto)
- G                   | Granades


Features
=======
The features present in this simulation are based off FPS and platform games.
Features list:
- Basic walking
- Jumping mechanics
- Picking up items  
- Dropping items
- Basic fire and reload  
- recoil bullets spread
- Pickup gadjets that attach to the weapons
- Toggle on/off gasjets
- Toggle Auto/SemiAuto fire mode 
- Granades throwing

*This list will be updated as soon as new features are committed.*

Software used
=======
To oganize this project developement and to make a better list of features in development, features that will be developed, changeLogs and other annotations, trello is being used. [EnviromentalSimulation on Trello](https://trello.com/b/Sj27YJwl/enviromentalsimulation)

To develop this project the following has been used:
- IDE             | Visula Studio 2019
- IDE             | Visual Studio Code
- Game engine     | Unity version 2020.1.4f1
- 3D Modelling    | Blender version 2.79   | 
**not every model in this project have been made by me**
- Graphics editor | Krita version 4.4.8    | 
**not every texture in this project have been made by me**

Commit message:

added a shooting range, added targets for shooting range and basic point system

README.md, after:

# EnviromentalSimulation

This project is a testing for different snippets of C# code in Unity to simulate FPS and platform games.

Key mapping
=======
The follwoig list rappresent the key mapping:
- WASD                | Movement
- Mouse               | Camera rotation
- Left mouse button   | Use item
- Right mouse button  | Aim weapon
- F                   | Pick item up
- Space bar           | Jump
- Shift               | Run
- X                   | Drop item in hand  
- Q                   | UseGadjet
- V                   | Switch fire mode (Auto & SemiAuto)
- G                   | Granades


Features
=======
The features present in this simulation are based off FPS and platform games.
Features list:
- Basic walking
- Jumping mechanics
- Picking up items  
- Dropping items
- Basic fire and reload  
- recoil bullets spread
- Pickup gadjets that attach to the weapons
- Toggle on/off gasjets
- Toggle Auto/SemiAuto fire mode 
- Granades throwing
- Smoke granades 
- Added friend and foe targets
- Added basic shooting range to try weapons

*This list will be updated as soon as new features are committed.*

Software used
=======
To oganize this project developement and to make a better list of features in development, features that will be developed, changeLogs and other annotations, trello is being used. [EnviromentalSimulation on Trello](https://trello.com/b/Sj27YJwl/enviromentalsimulation)

To develop this project the following has been used:
- IDE             | Visula Studio 2019
- IDE             | Visual Studio Code
- Game engine     | Unity version 2020.1.4f1
- 3D Modelling    | Blender version 2.79   | 
**MOST OF THE MODELS IN THIS PROJECT HAVE NOT BEEN MADE BY ME**
- Graphics editor | Krita version 4.4.8    | 
**not every texture in this project have been made by me**
